README.md, before:

[![Orange banner indicating a preview software component][release-level-banner--unstable]](##)

<div align="center">

## @openinf/util-text

Essential cross-platform terminal-friendly text utilities

<br />

[!['View on npm'][npm-badge--shields]][npm-badge-url]
[!['License: MIT/Apache-2.0'][license-badge--shields]][license-badge-url]
!['Project Status: Under construction'][project-status-badge]

</div>

<br />

_The high-level goal of `@openinf/util-text` is to serve as a Node.js package
containing **essential cross-platform text utilities** that degrade gracefully
when used in terminals lacking feature support. As is the case with any software
project in continuous development, omissions and errors may exist, for which
[contributions are welcome](#contributing)._

<br />

<details id="platform--node-js-lts">
	<summary>
		<a
			href="#platform--node-js-lts"
			title="Platform: Node.js LTS"
		>
			<img
				src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-LTS-black?logo=Node.js&logoColor=lightgreen&color=2a2a2a&labelColor=black"
				alt="Platform: Node.js LTS"
			/>
		</a>
	</summary>
	<div align="left"><br />
		<a
			target="_blank"
			title="Node.js release schedule"
			href="https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule"
		>
			<strong>Supported Node.js Environments</strong>
		</a><br /><br />

- [ ] v4：Argon (Ar)
- [ ] v6：Boron (B)
- [ ] v8：Carbon (C)
- [ ] v10：Dubnium (Db)
- [ ] v12：Erbium (Er)
- [x] v14：Fermium (Fm)
- [x] v16：Gallium (Ga)
- [x] v18：Hydrogen (H)
<!-- TODO
- [x] v20: Iron (Fe) -->

</div></details>

<br />

<div align="center">

[![Code Style: Prettier][prettier-badge]][prettier-url]
[![Commit Style: Conventional Commits][conventional-commits-badge]][conventional-commits-url]
[![Chat on Matrix][matrix-badge--shields]][matrix-url]

</div>

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API](#api)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Installation

`@openinf/util-text` runs on
[supported versions of Node.js](#platform--node-js-lts) and is available via
**`npm`**, **`pnpm`**, or **`yarn`**.

**Using the npm CLI**

<sup>See the
[official documentation for this command](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/commands/npm-install)
for more information.</sup>

```shell
npm i @openinf/util-text
```

**Using the pnpm CLI**

<sup>See the
[official documentation for this command](https://pnpm.io/cli/add) for more
information.</sup>

```shell
pnpm add @openinf/util-text
```

**Using the Yarn 1 CLI (Classic)**

<sup>See the
[official documentation for this command](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/add)
for more information.</sup>

```shell
yarn add @openinf/util-text
```

<br /><br />

### Usage

To get started using the text utils provided by `@openinf/util-text`, all
that needs to be done is either import/require (depending on the module format)
the default export of the module or destructure the individual named helper
functions exported.

```ts
import { blueify, ellipsify } from '@openinf/util-text';

console.log(blueify(ellipsify('Deserializing database tables')));
```

<br /><br />

### API

<br />

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/light-theme/tip.svg">
  <img alt="Tip" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/dark-theme/tip.svg">
</picture><br>

The &ldquo;supplied string&rdquo; should be supplied by a developer (not arbitrarily)
and any user-supplied input beyond (in publicly-facing apps), should be preprocessed.

<br />

<dl>
<dt><a href="#blueify">blueify(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as blue colored if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#curlyQuote">curlyQuote(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as curly quoted if Unicode is supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#ellipsify">ellipsify(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as ellipsified if Unicode is supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#italicize">italicize(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as italicized if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#mdCodeSpans2html">mdCodeSpans2html(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Processes the supplied string by transforming any Markdown backtick code
spans (begining and ending with a single backtack) into HTML code elements.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#redden">redden(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as red colored if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#underline">underline(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as underlined if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#yellow">yellow(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as yellow colored if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
</dl>

<a name="UnicodeEscapes"></a>

#### UnicodeEscapes : <code>enum</code>
**Kind**: global enum  
**Properties**

| Name | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| infoSymbol | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;ⓘ&quot;</code> | 
| midlineEllipsis | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;⋯&quot;</code> | 
| ellipsis | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;…&quot;</code> | 
| errorSymbol | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;ⓧ&quot;</code> | 
| leftDoubleQuotes | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;“&quot;</code> | 
| rightDoubleQuotes | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;”&quot;</code> | 
| warningSymbol | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;⚠&quot;</code> | 

<a name="blueify"></a>

#### blueify(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as blue colored if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="curlyQuote"></a>

#### curlyQuote(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as curly quoted if Unicode is supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="ellipsify"></a>

#### ellipsify(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as ellipsified if Unicode is supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="italicize"></a>

#### italicize(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as italicized if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="mdCodeSpans2html"></a>

#### mdCodeSpans2html(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/light-theme/tip.svg">
  <img alt="Tip" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/dark-theme/tip.svg">
</picture><br>

This API will be deprecated in the next release in favor of one that follows
[Web Platform Design Principles](https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf-util-text/issues/169).

Processes the supplied string by transforming any Markdown backtick code
spans (begining and ending with a single backtack) into HTML code elements.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="redden"></a>

#### redden(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as red colored if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="underline"></a>

#### underline(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as underlined if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="yellow"></a>

#### yellow(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as yellow colored if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change. If for whatever reason you spot something
to fix but cannot patch it yourself, please [open an issue][].

<br />

### License

This project is licensed under either of

- [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

The [SPDX](https://spdx.dev) license identifier for this project is
`MIT OR Apache-2.0`.

<br /><br />

---

<br />

<div align="center">

### Show Your Support

<br />

If you like the project (or want to bookmark it)&nbsp;&mdash;<br />
&mdash;&nbsp;[give it a star ⭐️][]&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;it will greatly encourage
us.

<br /><br />

<a title="The OpenINF website" href="https://open.inf.is" rel="author">
  <img alt="The OpenINF logo" height="32px" width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openinf/openinf.github.io/live/assets/img/svg/logo.svg?sanitize=true" />
</a>

</div>

<br /><br />

[![Orange banner indicating a preview software component][release-level-banner--unstable]](##)

<!-- BEGIN LINK DEFINITIONS -->
[conventional-commits-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/commit%20style-Conventional-%23fa6673?logoColor=white&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMCAzMCI+PHBhdGggc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6ICNGRkYiIGQ9Ik0xNSwyQTEzLDEzLDAsMSwxLDIsMTUsMTMsMTMsMCwwLDEsMTUsMm0wLTJBMTUsMTUsMCwxLDAsMzAsMTUsMTUsMTUsMCwwLDAsMTUsMFoiLz48L3N2Zz4K 'Commit Style: Conventional Commits'
[conventional-commits-url]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org 'Commit Style: Conventional Commits'
[give it a star ⭐️]: https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf-util-text/stargazers
[license-badge--shields]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg?logo=github 'License: MIT/Apache 2.0'
[license-badge-url]: #license 'License: MIT/Apache 2.0'
[matrix-badge--shields]: https://img.shields.io/badge/matrix-join%20chat-%2346BC99?logo=matrix 'Chat on Matrix'
[matrix-url]: https://matrix.to/#/#openinf-space:matrix.org 'You&apos;re invited to talk on Matrix'
[npm-badge--shields]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@openinf/util-text/latest.svg?logo=npm&color=fe7d37 'View on npm'
[npm-badge-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@openinf/util-text#top 'View on npm'
[open an issue]: https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf-util-text/issues
[prettier-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-Prettier-ff69b4.svg?logo=prettier 'Code Style: Prettier'
[prettier-url]: https://prettier.io/playground 'Code Style: Prettier'
[project-status-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20status-under%20construction-orange 'Project Status: Under construction badge'
[release-level-banner--unstable]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenINF/openinf.github.io/live/assets/img/svg/release-level-banner--unstable.svg?sanitize=true 'Banner for Release Level: Unstable'
<!-- END LINK DEFINITIONS -->

Commit message:

doc(readme): next release to perform preprocessing
Signed-off-by: Derek Lewis <dereknongeneric@open.inf.is>

README.md, after:

[![Orange banner indicating a preview software component][release-level-banner--unstable]](##)

<div align="center">

## @openinf/util-text

Essential cross-platform terminal-friendly text utilities

<br />

[!['View on npm'][npm-badge--shields]][npm-badge-url]
[!['License: MIT/Apache-2.0'][license-badge--shields]][license-badge-url]
!['Project Status: Under construction'][project-status-badge]

</div>

<br />

_The high-level goal of `@openinf/util-text` is to serve as a Node.js package
containing **essential cross-platform text utilities** that degrade gracefully
when used in terminals lacking feature support. As is the case with any software
project in continuous development, omissions and errors may exist, for which
[contributions are welcome](#contributing)._

<br />

<details id="platform--node-js-lts">
	<summary>
		<a
			href="#platform--node-js-lts"
			title="Platform: Node.js LTS"
		>
			<img
				src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-LTS-black?logo=Node.js&logoColor=lightgreen&color=2a2a2a&labelColor=black"
				alt="Platform: Node.js LTS"
			/>
		</a>
	</summary>
	<div align="left"><br />
		<a
			target="_blank"
			title="Node.js release schedule"
			href="https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule"
		>
			<strong>Supported Node.js Environments</strong>
		</a><br /><br />

- [ ] v4：Argon (Ar)
- [ ] v6：Boron (B)
- [ ] v8：Carbon (C)
- [ ] v10：Dubnium (Db)
- [ ] v12：Erbium (Er)
- [x] v14：Fermium (Fm)
- [x] v16：Gallium (Ga)
- [x] v18：Hydrogen (H)
<!-- TODO
- [x] v20: Iron (Fe) -->

</div></details>

<br />

<div align="center">

[![Code Style: Prettier][prettier-badge]][prettier-url]
[![Commit Style: Conventional Commits][conventional-commits-badge]][conventional-commits-url]
[![Chat on Matrix][matrix-badge--shields]][matrix-url]

</div>

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API](#api)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Installation

`@openinf/util-text` runs on
[supported versions of Node.js](#platform--node-js-lts) and is available via
**`npm`**, **`pnpm`**, or **`yarn`**.

**Using the npm CLI**

<sup>See the
[official documentation for this command](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/commands/npm-install)
for more information.</sup>

```shell
npm i @openinf/util-text
```

**Using the pnpm CLI**

<sup>See the
[official documentation for this command](https://pnpm.io/cli/add) for more
information.</sup>

```shell
pnpm add @openinf/util-text
```

**Using the Yarn 1 CLI (Classic)**

<sup>See the
[official documentation for this command](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/add)
for more information.</sup>

```shell
yarn add @openinf/util-text
```

<br /><br />

### Usage

To get started using the text utils provided by `@openinf/util-text`, all
that needs to be done is either import/require (depending on the module format)
the default export of the module or destructure the individual named helper
functions exported.

```ts
import { blueify, ellipsify } from '@openinf/util-text';

console.log(blueify(ellipsify('Deserializing database tables')));
```

<br /><br />

### API

<br />

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/light-theme/tip.svg">
  <img alt="Tip" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/dark-theme/tip.svg">
</picture><br>

The &ldquo;supplied string&rdquo; should be supplied by a developer (not arbitrarily)
and any user-supplied input beyond (in publicly-facing apps), should be preprocessed.
The next release may perform preprocessing to follow Web Platform Design Principles.

<br />

<dl>
<dt><a href="#blueify">blueify(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as blue colored if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#curlyQuote">curlyQuote(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as curly quoted if Unicode is supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#ellipsify">ellipsify(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as ellipsified if Unicode is supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#italicize">italicize(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as italicized if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#mdCodeSpans2html">mdCodeSpans2html(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Processes the supplied string by transforming any Markdown backtick code
spans (begining and ending with a single backtack) into HTML code elements.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#redden">redden(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as red colored if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#underline">underline(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as underlined if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
<dt><a href="#yellow">yellow(text)</a> ⇒ <code>string</code></dt>
<dd><p>Returns the supplied string as yellow colored if ANSI escapes are supported.</p>
</dd>
</dl>

<a name="UnicodeEscapes"></a>

#### UnicodeEscapes : <code>enum</code>
**Kind**: global enum  
**Properties**

| Name | Type | Default |
| --- | --- | --- |
| infoSymbol | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;ⓘ&quot;</code> | 
| midlineEllipsis | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;⋯&quot;</code> | 
| ellipsis | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;…&quot;</code> | 
| errorSymbol | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;ⓧ&quot;</code> | 
| leftDoubleQuotes | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;“&quot;</code> | 
| rightDoubleQuotes | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;”&quot;</code> | 
| warningSymbol | <code>string</code> | <code>&quot;⚠&quot;</code> | 

<a name="blueify"></a>

#### blueify(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as blue colored if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="curlyQuote"></a>

#### curlyQuote(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as curly quoted if Unicode is supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="ellipsify"></a>

#### ellipsify(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as ellipsified if Unicode is supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="italicize"></a>

#### italicize(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as italicized if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="mdCodeSpans2html"></a>

#### mdCodeSpans2html(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>

<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/light-theme/tip.svg">
  <img alt="Tip" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mqxx/GitHub-Markdown/main/blockquotes/badge/dark-theme/tip.svg">
</picture><br>

This API will be deprecated in the next release in favor of one that follows
[Web Platform Design Principles](https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf-util-text/issues/169).

Processes the supplied string by transforming any Markdown backtick code
spans (begining and ending with a single backtack) into HTML code elements.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="redden"></a>

#### redden(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as red colored if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="underline"></a>

#### underline(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as underlined if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<a name="yellow"></a>

#### yellow(text) ⇒ <code>string</code>
Returns the supplied string as yellow colored if ANSI escapes are supported.

**Kind**: global function  

| Param | Type |
| --- | --- |
| text | <code>string</code> | 

<br /><br />

---

<br />

### Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to
discuss what you would like to change. If for whatever reason you spot something
to fix but cannot patch it yourself, please [open an issue][].

<br />

### License

This project is licensed under either of

- [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
- [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

at your option.

The [SPDX](https://spdx.dev) license identifier for this project is
`MIT OR Apache-2.0`.

<br /><br />

---

<br />

<div align="center">

### Show Your Support

<br />

If you like the project (or want to bookmark it)&nbsp;&mdash;<br />
&mdash;&nbsp;[give it a star ⭐️][]&nbsp;&mdash;&nbsp;it will greatly encourage
us.

<br /><br />

<a title="The OpenINF website" href="https://open.inf.is" rel="author">
  <img alt="The OpenINF logo" height="32px" width="32px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openinf/openinf.github.io/live/assets/img/svg/logo.svg?sanitize=true" />
</a>

</div>

<br /><br />

[![Orange banner indicating a preview software component][release-level-banner--unstable]](##)

<!-- BEGIN LINK DEFINITIONS -->
[conventional-commits-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/commit%20style-Conventional-%23fa6673?logoColor=white&logo=data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAzMCAzMCI+PHBhdGggc3R5bGU9ImZpbGw6ICNGRkYiIGQ9Ik0xNSwyQTEzLDEzLDAsMSwxLDIsMTUsMTMsMTMsMCwwLDEsMTUsMm0wLTJBMTUsMTUsMCwxLDAsMzAsMTUsMTUsMTUsMCwwLDAsMTUsMFoiLz48L3N2Zz4K 'Commit Style: Conventional Commits'
[conventional-commits-url]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org 'Commit Style: Conventional Commits'
[give it a star ⭐️]: https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf-util-text/stargazers
[license-badge--shields]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg?logo=github 'License: MIT/Apache 2.0'
[license-badge-url]: #license 'License: MIT/Apache 2.0'
[matrix-badge--shields]: https://img.shields.io/badge/matrix-join%20chat-%2346BC99?logo=matrix 'Chat on Matrix'
[matrix-url]: https://matrix.to/#/#openinf-space:matrix.org 'You&apos;re invited to talk on Matrix'
[npm-badge--shields]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@openinf/util-text/latest.svg?logo=npm&color=fe7d37 'View on npm'
[npm-badge-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@openinf/util-text#top 'View on npm'
[open an issue]: https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf-util-text/issues
[prettier-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-Prettier-ff69b4.svg?logo=prettier 'Code Style: Prettier'
[prettier-url]: https://prettier.io/playground 'Code Style: Prettier'
[project-status-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20status-under%20construction-orange 'Project Status: Under construction badge'
[release-level-banner--unstable]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenINF/openinf.github.io/live/assets/img/svg/release-level-banner--unstable.svg?sanitize=true 'Banner for Release Level: Unstable'
<!-- END LINK DEFINITIONS -->
